The Jewish Social Club was a really well run, a nice place to go. I can remember my mother
and father used to go probably three or four times a week. They'd walk over the bridge
and they were there. My mother used to go there. She was a brilliant pianist.
Oh, your mother? Oh, my mother. Really? Oh, yeah. She was a... well, she was a clarinet.
She was a concert pianist. Brilliant. Absolutely brilliant. She was a brilliant, brilliant
pianist. Also, another interesting thing, she was the first woman in Cardiff to hold
a driving licence in 1925. Now it passed a test. I don't think she had to then. No.
I don't think she had to. But her father bought a car and he never drove. She was the only
one who drove the car. And then the war came along. And what were you going to do with
the car? They sold it for £100 to Jack Silver. And he saved all those cars. He had the big
garage in Carbridge Road. And at the end of the war, if he had money, he had 100 cars.
They were worth... the worst of them was probably worth £1,000 because you couldn't get a car
for £1100 of money.